[SEO 14] Fix links to avoid redirects (#225)
KnapsackPro/docs.knapsackpro.com: docusaurus/docs/jest/cookbook.md

npx knapsack-pro-jest --coverage
```

> Knapsack Pro will generate one coverage report for each batch of tests executed on the CI node. To merge the reports you may consider [this script](https://github.com/jestjs/jest/issues/2418#issuecomment-478932514).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Knapsack Pro generates one coverage report for each batch of tests executed on the CI node. To merge the reports you may consider [this script](https://github.com/jestjs/jest/issues/2418#issuecomment-478932514).
```
